About Page Update (#4)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/imap-sdc-website: about.md

# IMAP Science Data Center (SDC)

> The **Interstellar Mapping and Acceleration Probe (IMAP)** Science Data Center (SDC) is the central data repository for all science data from the IMAP mission and its ten instruments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Interstellar Mapping and Acceleration Probe (IMAP)** Science Data Center (SDC) is the central data repository for all science data from the IMAP mission and its [ten instruments](https://imap.princeton.edu/spacecraft/instruments):
```

![Instruments](images/instruments-ENAs.jpg)
![Instruments](images/instruments-EnergeticElectrons.jpg)

> Located at the **Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP)** [link to LASP??] at the University of Colorado, Boulder, the IMAP SDC is responsible for science data processing and distribution of science data to the IMAP instrument teams (ITs) and the scientific community. The SDC responsibilities can be summarized as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Located at the **[Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP)](https://lasp.colorado.edu/)** at the University of Colorado, Boulder, the IMAP SDC is responsible for science data processing and distribution of science data to the IMAP instrument teams (ITs) and the scientific community. The SDC responsibilities can be summarized as follows:
```

The link might not play well with the bold text characters, so you may need to play around with it a bit.

## SDC Responsibilities

- Provide oversight and coordination of the distributed IMAP data processing and data release system.
- Receive Level 0 science and housekeeping data, ancillary data, mission events, and SPICE kernels from the Mission Operations Center (MOC)/Payload Operations Center (POC) and make them available to the ITs.
- Generate Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 science products.
- Provide ITs access to all levels of science and ancillary data within 24 hours of receipt or generation at the SDC.
- Receive and manage algorithms from the ITs.
- Develop Level 1 and 2 processing software.

> - Define code standards in the SDC Software Developer Guide [link to this?] for the development of processing software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define code standards in the SDC Software [Developer Guide](https://imap-processing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development-guide/style-guide/style-guide.html) for the development of processing software.
```

- Assist and coordinate with ITs for higher-level code development, in accordance with the guidelines in the SDC Software Developer Guide.
- Carry out Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 science data processing, and support the automation of this processing pipeline.

> - Provide integration and automation support to Combined Access and Visualization Analysis (CAVA) [link?].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide integration and automation support to Combined Access and Visualization Analysis (CAVA).
```

Definitely will be good to put a link here once CAVA is live, but I don't think it is yet.

- Disseminate science data products to the IMAP instrument teams via SDC web interfaces.
- Support the development of data access and visualization software for public release.
- Store all science data products for the duration of the mission.
- Deliver data archives to the SPDF during the mission for long-term archiving.

> More information about the IMAP mission and its science goals can be found on the official [IMAP website](https://imap.princeton.edu). More information about the IMAP SDC can be found in the [SDC documentation](link-to-sdc-docs) [what should this link to exactly?].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the IMAP mission and its science goals can be found on the official [IMAP website](https://imap.princeton.edu). More information about the IMAP SDC can be found in the [SDC documentation](https://imap-processing.readthedocs.io).
```

## How to Access the Data

> Data can be accessed through this website via the [data portal](link-to-data-portal) [need link to this].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data can be accessed through this website via the [data portal](https://dev.imap-mission.com/data).
```
